cottage which has variously been the school. That was the school when the village was first built.
It was said that the lady of the house, Anna Theopho Phillips, daughter of the Lekker Stoke
fort, found it a little too noisy. So since they owned it they built another one up here, which
was 10 years later, and then turned the old school into a laundry. It's always known as laundry.
There's an interesting thing around the village. There are certain places that have names that have
absolutely no relationship to what it is. It's still very much known as the laundry around the
village. It hasn't been a laundry for decades, half a century or more. The corner at the top
is where you go around towards the hall. It's known as the Green Door Bend. There's no green
doors there anymore. We talk rather bluntly about the lime heap. There's a certain thing
that wasn't the lime heap. It's a good story because if you don't know, it's the sharp bend
at the very top of the Red Hill. Many, many years ago, one of the farmers up there wanted a load of
lime. So the cart had brought the lime up and dumped it out in the field on that bend.
Unfortunately, it was the wrong farm or the wrong field.
Then arose the problem of what happened to the lime. The cart insisted that he had delivered it
to where he was told to. The owner of the ground said it was absolutely nothing to do with him.
The real owner of the ground also said it was in the wrong place, so it was nothing to do with him.
So it stayed there. It became known as the lime heap bend, the corner. That's the high point of
the hill there. If you go through the gate and kick around in the ground, you can still find
evidence of the lime being there. There's all sorts of local names that mean something to do with it.
So, well, initiated with them, but the newcomers completely muttered back at us.